Yeah, so I spell your name Mia, yeah, it's Mia Wasim, yeah,
okay, come on. So could you please also enable your camera? Sorry, could you please enable your camera?
Yeah, sure, actually, yeah. So now we're
just gonna contact the end of Conduct the interview for the full stack engineer. Yeah, yeah. So before proceeding like I would, we check your LinkedIn and resume. But so it was not very clear how, I mean, what could How do you call yourself, because yourself an AI engineer or a full stack engineer, or, like, full stack AI engineer,
that would be full stack AI engineer, because I started my career as a full stack developer, but then I started with AI because, you know, it came to the market, like three years ago when OpenAI released the APIs, and people started using creating those APIs and applications and everything. So yeah, so I started with AI development as well. So I was a full stack developer earlier, but then I started with AI as well. So you can say full stack AI
developer. Yeah. No, we, so we will
just like, okay, so I will let me do the deduction, and then I will let Oliver do the content testing knowledge. And then we like, switch I will do the AI questions, and maybe so one of us will also do back end questions, and ash maybe will join as well. We will see. So, yeah, basically, I mean, this interview is for SEO. Co Op is a company based in the Netherlands. We have like, two teams, and if we decide to perform with you, you will be with me, with the main team. Yeah, we have, like, the guys here, senior, AI team, yeah, I'm, like, CEO of SEO, and I'm not sure, like, if we took a look at SEO, like, we have an ad, I think assistant and we have multiple later on, if I'm conscious, I am happy to say more about it as well. If you're not okay. Now, if you could introduce yourself, I just like tell us more about okay, basically your experience regarding the which companies you work with and which products you work piece, and then what was the post problem you solved? And you have mainly interested in MERS next year's, and no Python, I guess, and AI as well. So,
so I started my career in the year 2016 and I was graduated. So after my graduation, I started as a web developer, or you can say simple developer, with the technologies such as Mern stack that were like booming that that year, starting with that those technologies. So I started with front end development and react as well as node of the back end. So I did some of the projects. Then I switched to another company that gave me the opportunity to learn Python as well. And then I learned Python and did some of the projects there in Python as well. Then currently where I was working, the last company I was working was mine, right? So at mind grind, I was given the opportunity to work on AI projects as well, lighter elements tech projects as well. Did a lot of projects here. So one of the project like I want to share was in the AI that I did, you can say a few months ago, this AI that is basically based on, like your appointment or something. You can you have an avatar that responds to your queries like he is a doctor or something, and asks you about your health and answers based on like, your like, your answers and like get like that. Yeah, so that is one of the AI projects I worked on, and rest are some of the other applications as well. They're live, and you can see in my resume as well, if you have, yeah,
what was the name
of the pro do? Sorry, what
is the name of the pro Devastator?
Yeah? Davis,
okay, cool,
just go on this.
So that's my world experience. And. And right now I'm looking for a remote opportunity so to enhance my skill in the field, specifically for AI as well. And I'm looking for a more leadership role as well, so I can manage teams and do the like from like complex projects as well. So, yeah,
cool. So what was your role with that? Davis, AI, really,
basically, I was the main lead person in that project, and I was, I had my, like, developers with me that worked with me on the project, and like, I was the person who was responsible for the architecture, for the complexities for like 40 you can say that the test project was, overall, my responsibility for the deliverance, yeah.
What does that say? Does exactly. I might check it correctly. But
can you repeat your question?
What does that probably does?
I already told you that it's based on like three avatar person that answers your questions when you ask something like it's a video goal with a bot or something, yeah.
Okay, good. Okay, so now,
so the Davis Pro, was it part of your experience at Mindtree, because I have your CC in front of me. Now, I'm just curious, like, Where does this fit in, in the timeline, where you work?
Like, can you elaborate a bit more?
So you did the toughest project, right? Yeah, yeah. But I'm just wondering, like, is it was this part of your time at mine, crimes or
so the buy side. I mean, what is this like? What
does like you said your experience? Listen to a senior generative AI engineer at mind rights. Is that correct? Yeah. So what's the toughest project like, part of that job? Yeah. What's separate from this?
It was part of that project. It was a part of that company which I worked, yeah, mind right there, what is, what is mind rates, or what's mine, right? Is basically, you can say a services based company that is located in Pakistan, and they offer AI services, web development services as well. They have different clients from United States as well as from Australia and different regions. So they have a team of specific AI developers as well. And I was leading the project, the DeVos project there, yeah, yeah.
So okay, so my brain is, I guess, not consulting, but agency, I guess, you know, yeah, the client, yeah, yeah. And then that was, is one of the, one of the projects. But what, I mean, yeah, but we are, like, now we are very curious. I mean, I think, Susan, you are also curious what, like, what was exactly done by tables. Okay? So you are saying, like you lead the whole thing, right? So how did you go about that? Explain to us, like, the architecture of the basically the whole app, front end, back end. Ai, like, how does exactly work? Which, I mean, you are using evidence, right? Where does come from? Are you using hygiene? Yeah. I mean, just want to know everything.
So basically, as I told you, that the project was specifically for a client. So you can say that they provided the avatar as well. So the overall goal of the project was to have a real time conversation with the AI that is like, more human like. So on the you can say, on the front end, it was built with the React and with the like, you can say, web, RTC, like, for low latency video. And on the back end, there were APIs with node and fast APIs as well. So for the avatar, they specifically used a service of their of a client that offered them three based avatar with the conversational aspects as well. So they had a client like
that offer was a name, what was the service which is providing the avatars?
So, like it was, I didn't quite remember the name, because they were quite having, you can say a sort of settlement with him as well, on that part as well. So I don't remember exactly the name, but there were some. Things like they the that client offered them a deal with using that like their avatar, with the with some, you can say, sort of users as well. And yeah, so,
yeah, so I still don't get like, okay, so you're saying front end goal next year, next year. Yeah, next year's, next year's, okay, that's what it was. Next year's back end was no, just us, no,
just Python, mix, mix of those platforms. But basically you can say fast APIs were used as well. So yeah, because, but for, yeah, sorry,
yeah. But when I go, like, when I go try, like, to make a call, right? So I just will go there, you know, I'll just work. What has happened, yeah, front end, back end, AI, so what has happened,
like, overall architecture of that,
yeah, yeah.
So basically,
like, what does, how does this AI, you know, like, I'm very curious about, like, yeah, so I want to ask some questions. Yeah, I
understand that. I have some questions about the, the obvious AI project. So I looked at it. It looked pretty cool. I'm just like wondering, so you say you you made like an FSR that can do ASL sign language, okay? Like, walk me through how you implemented, like, the sign language generation. Like, did you okay, what, like, models or libraries did you use
for, for Devis or Elvis
this albiz Ai, yeah,
so the Elvis AI was specifically, you can say a project which I worked on, but that was not the you can say a complete project that I worked on, I specifically worked on a module that was rigid with the image generation and overall parsing of the data. So I can walk you through, like, one of the steps that I used for that. So
sorry. Yeah, sure, please,
yeah. So you can say a sort of pipeline that was for the project was like the project was having, like, what I remember, was input with Texas page, which was first transcribed, Like, using Whisper, whisper AI or other platforms. So, like, so we had a model translation model there as well for converting that overall conversation. So after that we, like, fine tuned the model that was and fine tuning, we mapped the words or phrases that like, if you can see, if you open the website, you can see a demo, demonstration of a video of that there. So basically the hand and gestures was like for where you can say handled and mapped like it was on. You can say American Sign Language. You can say there was specifically a name I don't remember, but there was a data set you can say that we used to train that model. So after that training, there was render rendering as well. And that specific part was like, where I started the project. So like, you can say that there was usage of three js as well. And some you can say models that were used to train like the to do the rendering as well. And
question so if I understand it correctly, you use whisper yeah to translate speech to text, yeah. Then you made features from the text and translated those to the sign language that the avatar does. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so how did you do the translation from, like, the the art code, like the words specific, movement of the hands, or how did it work? There's a general of a guy like, don't need to
know the like gestures like you were saying that what sort of sign was able to be like, how they were transcribed. It or something.
Yeah. So because how you go from like the features to like the avatars, to like the head movements, like where the avatar is, like, where they're like, pre rendered, so you have to like, you just like a data set for every head movement. Or, how did it work?
Like you're saying that using Whisper, how did I transcribe all those things?
No, I'm not asking you how whisper works. I'm asking you like, how did the How did you go from so whisper, how did you go from the features, from the text to the hand movements?
So like, when user type something or upload an audio or something,
yeah, you just interrupt me if I didn't understand created it, how you explained it to me, the technique works where you first use whisper to go from speech to text. That's correct, yeah, yeah. And then you go from the text. How do you go to the hand language?
So, like, we didn't use any pre rendered videos, or you can say static gesture library libraries there. Instead, we had a model that converted text to skeletal key points, you can say, basically, like hand body movement sign there, right? Yeah. So this sequence of key points, like, represented the movement of the hands over time, like a script for animation. So, like, those key points were applied to the 3d avatar there, and then we performed. You can say, you can say, not from those pre recorded videos, but by generating movement in real time. If you you, if you go again to the website, you can see the demonstration there that it was based on real time as well. So I can say that, Oh yeah, sorry, yeah. So we Yeah. So we synchronized the facial expressions and lip shapes using output from the text to source engines like to give it more expressive. Yeah.
And would you like my
question? I mean, you said, like, you had a model, you know, but what, like, what was based on, based on what like it was using many other lens. I mean, not not LMS, but like, what kind of model were you using? What's the name of it? Because Elmo has a name, right?
The name of the model that was used for overall, this gesture or something, yeah, for
example. Like, was it, like, 10 million parameter model? What kind of model was
it? So actually, for you can say the generation part where we didn't use specific LLM, because you can say it's more about movement and prediction there. So that's basically a language generation thing. So we used, you can say custom trained sequence like pause models or something, and you actually forgot the name. So based loosely on, you can say GRU, our architecture, or similar to work published, and you can say some after, like researching or for more of the things. So, like we started with some open source baselines as well, so that had sign language, or you can say transformers, like text to post transformers, or open AI open source libraries as well. So, yeah,
okay, cool. So, yeah, let's, let's now change to, I mean, regarding not at this moment, Google. Okay, then let's go to some for that question, and I will go to ask,
alrighty, yeah. So I'm just going to go bit by bit for your resume and ask you about some of the your experiences in the front end world. So let's start off with your work at some force AI, I see some mentions of React Native. Could you explain in more detail, a little bit of exactly what you did with React Native, some more development pipelines.
So that you can say is I worked on the project with React Native, because that was the requirement of the client. And that time, I didn't had any knowledge of React Native, but I did work with React. I. Yeah. So I basically the basic pipeline was like creating the application with the different end, with the React Native libraries as well. So sort of that was, you can say one of the project that I've heard, you can say years ago, I actually don't remember, but yeah, I specifically used React Native there. Apart from that, I utilized flutter in one of my projects as well, but that wasn't like you can honestly, that wasn't one of my projects that I had to list down or something, because it didn't went well. Yeah,
you still remember exactly like so a little bit more specifics about the application. So was this just a bare React Native app? Did you guys use something like Expo to set it up? Were you there for the setup at all? Or were you just more tests to just make some UIs?
Yes, the sort of application was basically for the purpose of using, like, say, different libraries. So, like, you can say, if I remember, so, like, my role was there for, like, the basic navigation there, using React Native navigation there, and some sort of working with the API level as well, so integration with the APIs and some video libraries. So that was a small part that I worked on, yeah.
Okay, to chat AI,
you also mentioned React js there. I also heard you talking about a little bit about Dex js for project. Was that specifically about chat AI, or was that a different
project? Chat AI was also in next years, next
year, that's all right. Were you there for the SEP as well? Like, why specifically did you guys choose nextjs?
Basically, for you can say for better, you can say the requirement. You can say the requirement was decided by that client, but specifically we chose React Native because, sorry, next year's because next year's was that time like for you can say using simple react that wasn't specifically useful for SEO optimization, you can say, and ABI routes as well. So that's why we selected next year is when we learned that it's like more SEO friendly and in regard to performance as well. So yeah, that's where we selected next year's, yeah,
okay, I'm kind of reading the website, though, as a little bit more client chatbot capabilities across, you know, quite a bit of client code to be running. So you mentioned specifically for performance for next year, but next year is pushing a lot more towards server side code, right? So I'm kind of wondering, how did that work for you in such a client side heavy app, like, how did you use server rendering, for example, to alleviate some performance problems, or other rendering strategies, for example.
But you can say that my specific role was, like, a bit like, in creating some of the interfaces, but my like overall role was in on the backend side. But if you are asking me about how, yeah, we absolutely, like jet AI was really a client heavy. So I can say that there were real time interactions AI interactions as well. So we have to use, like, some rendering models as well, if I remember them correctly. So we used, you can say server side rendering as mostly for, like, loading the initial dashboard and some pricing pages as well. And that's, that's what I remember, mostly, yeah,
okay, yeah, I think I've heard all I needed to hear. Really, I'm going to pass it over to back end stuff. Thanks for your
time. Hey, hi. Let's start with back end stuff. Yeah, by the way, how many air effects? Experience do
you have in node? You can say my overall experience is eight years plus. And in node you can say I have worked with almost you can say six years in overall node projects. Yeah,
let's start with some basic stuff. Like, yeah, what is the difference between put and patch request?
Put and Type request?
No put and patch PUD put and papch.
So the main difference will be like, put replaces the entire resource and patch performs a partial update if you're asking about the routing. So sorry, so that's yeah,
okay, I will give you one scenario. Let's say you are building an API where you have an odd screen and then you have a two effect. Okay, basically, you need to architect it in a manner. Let's say a user can go to two, if I mean, on to two Fs screen, or he can, you know, let's say, get the code, or maybe,
can I write down some points here? Yeah,
yeah, sure. Okay. Now, then there is a dashboard screen where, I mean, there are some tools he can use. Now, I mean, if he is not to FA guy, then you allow him to use the dashboard
tools to FA. Guy,
yeah, so let's say he needs to do to FA, to use any other tools, how you will architect it to, you know, in terms of battle, you can mention, you know, what you will do, how you manage the session in the two stages and, and, you know, like, particularly back in way, you can tell me, you know, what will be your strategy to build this up.
Okay, okay, so, so you're saying that there is a dashboard with the two factor authentication and there is a guy that, yeah, there is a guy that, sorry. So there is a guy that is not two factor authentication guy, am I correct?
Yeah. Basically, they like, I mean, your two FA API should be, let's say, once he's authenticated, he can be able to use two FA APIs. It could be to fetch the status and everything those APS include inside to FA. Now there is another screen, which is a dashboard, tools. Let's say, anyway, any, it can be any tools, okay, now those tools were using those tools says, I mean the APIs, you would need to be two FA authenticated. So,
okay, so let me start with the login process. So definitely, for the login, I'll generate JWT with the two FA enabled as false. Okay, so after that, user is like, redirected to the two FA screen to enter the OTP. So, so once this two FA is verified, I will issue a new JWT with with the with the with the Boolean, like making it true instead of false. So after that, all dashboard routes will be protected by a middleware that checks this flag as well which user has like been verified and which is not so. Basically, I'll use some sort of database there to store the short lived OTPs as well, and capability for session management as well. So,
yeah, I mean, OTP, you can ignore like it's it's already configured right now we are focused on how you're going to station of once he's authenticated is done then, then how you will manage this? So
now you're saying that if do, if it is done, then how will I manage the session you're saying, I
mean, so let's say you have used AWS, right in AWS you cannot consume if. Two FA is enabled in your AWS account. You cannot go to dashboard and consume other APIs until you are not authorized right now, but still, you can go to two FA screens and fetch the two FA APIs. So how you will manage this stuff on the back end side. I mean, there are many ways what you do is the best way of doing this.